participant was asked how easy was it for they to get used to living in la, then participant said  it took a long time to they have been living here for about a year since they graduated so there is been a lot of ups and downs but finally gotten adjusted to it so it took a while though .
participant was asked how close are they to them, then participant said it varies depending on whether or not we are mad at each other so they guess pretty close right now we are kinda distant .
participant was asked aww tell me more about that, then participant said oh about the distant .
participant was asked yeah, then participant said  we met in french class freshman year of high school we were in the same class and then we kinda started doing homework together and we had a lot of class the same classes together and so we just kinda started hanging out and then we just became closer and have stayed really close since then .
participant was asked what are some things they like to do for fun, then participant said  going out with friends going to bars going dancing biking hiking staying active going to the movies going out to eat at restaurants photography just hanging out with friends they guess whatever .
participant was asked that is good, then participant said  .
participant was asked yeah it can be tough to find a good job these days, then participant said yeah it is it is hard the market and just like they is very picky cause they do not wanna just sittin in a little my own cubicle cause they quit my job exactly for that reason so why go back to another job just do the same exact thing that they quit my other job for .
participant was asked have they been diagnosed with depression, then participant said  no they do not think so but they mean they think everyone goes through depression here and there so they do not know if she can but not like medically diagnose they is not on meds .
participant was asked okay what advice would they give yourself ten or twenty years ago, then participant said oh let is see to try lots of different things and not be afraid to fail cause they is one of those people if they is not gonna be the best at something then they is just not gonna try they accept the best or nothing at all go big or go home so but they think they would have told my high school self that go and try lots of things even if it means they is not gonna be the best at it so ten years ago .
participant was asked yeah what is one of your most memorable experiences , then participant said  that is a tough question probably the day they got accepted into pomona college they was a freshman at wellesley college which is the women is college back east and they hated it from like the second from like the first week they just knew that they chose the wrong college and they was like miserable for the entire year .
