participant was asked wow, then participant said  .
participant was asked that is so good to hear what do they enjoy about traveling, then participant said  they i enjoy like really the most important thing they enjoy is like meeting the people and and of course seeing the the history they mean especially israel they mean it is the it is totally ancient but most most they enjoy is is the the people they think to get a better understanding of how different cultures live .
participant was asked she see what they mean there are always tradeoffs in life are not there, then participant said  always .
participant was asked that is good when was the last time they argued with someone and what was it about, then participant said  usually they is arguing with my older son because he she know he thinks he knows everything he is twenty one years old so he has the know it all mentality and they is just telling him that he does not know it all and she know as life goes on he will learn more he is very confident and very self self what is the word self assured and so he thinks that she know everything he does is correct and he still has a lot of learning to do that is all .
participant was asked yeah how would your best friend describe you, then participant said  as loving nurturing funny we laugh a lot and caring honest things that they mean my best they have well actually my best friend is it is two people it is two sisters that they grew up with and we they for some years took care of their mother who has alzheimers before my parents got sick so they had a very close have a very close relationship with them still do and so they is considered the fourth sister so they would say that those are my best friends and and we love each other very much it is a good relationship .
participant was asked how long ago were they diagnosed, then participant said mostly minorly depression it was more anxiety probably it is probably been five or six years they mean they have had if off and on all my life but it was never diagnosed originally like as a teenager they think is when they first had started with the anxiety but .
participant was asked are they triggered by something, then participant said h .
participant was asked she understand how easy is it for they to get a good night is sleep, then participant said  not easy usually all of my life they think they have always they mean they is not they have always had at least they wake up at least once in the middle of the night .
participant was asked do they feel like therapy is useful, then participant said  actually yes they do they do feel like therapy is useful .
participant was asked that is great when was the last time they felt really happy, then participant said  like really joyful and happy they would say probably when probably it would be in israel when we renewed our marriage vows in the the at the in knaan .
participant was asked wow, then participant said very meaningful and other than that they would say she know like other joyful occasions have been she know like christmas and she know family gatherings and she know my dad is birthday turned eighty three on christmas eve she know that kinda thing so .
participant was asked oh no, then participant said my daughter was born in the bed so for me it was great cause they did not have to go through any of the labor but they is sure they were not happy to fill out a lot of paper work after that .
participant was asked yeah thanks for sharing your thoughts with me, then participant said okay .
