participant was asked what are some things they really like about la, then participant said they love the sunshine they love the palm trees they love that she are thirty minutes away from everything it is a great city  .
participant was asked awesome what is your dream job , then participant said oh my dream job is to be a filaker that is what they wanna do they wanna die doing that job making movies  .
participant was asked that is great , then participant said   .
participant was asked yeah that is so good to hear , then participant said h .
participant was asked what do they do when they are annoyed , then participant said me just breathe in and breathe out or they will just walk away from the situation  .
participant was asked how do they know them , then participant said my fiancee .
participant was asked what are they like when they do not sleep well, then participant said  they guess they get pretty moody she know they could be a little little snappy at people when they do not sleep well when they have lack of sleep but once they get some sleep in me they is okay .
participant was asked okay how would your best friend describe they , then participant said scrubbedentry she know he would say that they is pretty funny lax about a lot of things they enjoy life as much as they possibly can good friend to have around and always ready and eager to help .
participant was asked  , then participant said anyway but we got these m and m is and while the it was dark we start throwing m and m is and hitting em in the head with the m and m is and then we came to school like three days later we were suoned and there was a mock trial to get .
participant was asked  okay when was the last time they felt really happy , then participant said really happy h really happy they i had a film festival that they was putting together and things were so intense we things were going wrong but then things were going right but then once the people came and packed the house they was really happy that we had a packed house at this film festival so this was about a month ago  .
