participant was asked okay so how are they doing today , then participant said okay  .
participant was asked how hard is that , then participant said it is pretty hard to get discovered and she have to be lucky and she have to know the right people and she have to be talented  .
participant was asked do they travel a lot, then participant said not really no they do not travel that much they used to move every couple years to a different city and then they have been here for a while so they do not travel much .
participant was asked okay when was the last time they argued with someone and what was it about , then participant said  the last time they argued with somebody was somebody that owed me money  .
participant was asked wow how close are they to your family , then participant said very close to my mother not so close with my brother we are close but we are not like close close .
participant was asked that is great what would they say are some of your best qualities , then participant said they is generous they is loyal they is friendly they is accoodating and that is about it  .
participant was asked what were your symptoms , then participant said always worrying just a lot of worrying always worrying worrying worrying about everything oh what happens if they get in car accident what happens if they can not pay my mortgage what happens if they eh eh just so many things they worry about and that is what was making me depressed .
participant was asked yeah she see what they mean what sort of changes have they noticed since they have been going to therapy, then participant said  well they is not going to therapy now but the therapy that they had before was more like people trying to just come in and check in and give me medication they have had other therapy where they was back and forth like okay well this is what they think about this and she think about this and that kind of therapy is better  .
participant was asked yeah that makes sense what are some things that usually put they in a good mood , then participant said  when they have a job when they when they is able to work when they is helping other people when other people around me are happy and laughing when they can make people laugh that that puts me in a good mood  .
participant was asked goodbye , then participant said bye  .
