participant was asked really tell me more about that, then participant said well they have been good with art they like drawing painting et cetera but they did not know if they could ever make a living in it so they never really got into it and every time they tried it seemed they never got anywhere so maybe when they get like eighty or ninety maybe they will go into ceramics or something and do that as a profession .
participant was asked can they give me an example of that, then participant said not right now that they can think of .
participant was asked that is great she would love to hear about one of your trips, then participant said well a nber of years ago they went drove back east to massachusetts to do work back there on the way back they took a greyhound bus all the way back from washington dc all the way back to california  .
participant was asked  h what did they do after the military, then participant said they came down here played pool for a nber of years finally graduated from high school which they had dropped out of when they moved went on to college got my bachelor is degree and an aa degree at pasadena and cal state la and started working various jobs and that is about it took care of my mom .
participant was asked she understand how have they been feeling lately, then participant said tired with all the things they have had to do and weather and sleep .
participant was asked that is great what would they say are some of your best qualities, then participant said they stick to everything they do now they is persistent they do not let things get out of hand before they do something about it they used to be what is the word they put off things they do not do that anymore .
participant was asked how hard is that, then participant said not very because the same thing they have trained myself over the years to not talk about myself they talk to other people they talk about them .
participant was asked could they have done anything to avoid it, then participant said  yeah they coulda done better .
participant was asked okay what are some things that usually put they in a good mood, then participant said  good jokes people having a happy time going and having a drink with somebody on occasional basis .
participant was asked goodbye, then participant said bye .
