participant was asked yeah what are some things they do not really like about la, then participant said  it is very difficult to find full time employment and some of the people are not as friendly as people from the south cause they lived in the south before those are the only two things .
participant was asked can they tell me about that, then participant said  when they is alone they is extremely they guess they would say inter minded like they have a lot of thoughts and they keep them to myself .
participant was asked when was the last time that happened, then participant said last week on thursday no on tuesday .
participant was asked , then participant said  come up with alternate plans so they will not get annoyed .
participant was asked how long ago were they diagnosed, then participant said  within a year and a half ago .
participant was asked can they tell me about that, then participant said  if they see certain types of individuals in certain settings it just reminds me of when they was younger when things happened and changed my future plans so they try to they used to just try to avoid those types of situations and certain types of people at that time but now they feel like they just handle things better as far as being in the similar settings with similar people they just .
participant was asked , then participant said it relieves me of the stress of of trying to figure out everything alone and often times by speaking about the issues it allows me to come up with an alternative plan that may be be better just because they is hearing myself speak of the issue  .
participant was asked there are always trade offs in life are not there, then participant said yes .
participant was asked can they tell me about that, then participant said  well my mother first came she came to visit me in october and when she first got here we had a good time .
participant was asked , then participant said  .
participant was asked who is someone that is been a positive influence in your life , then participant said oh my dad and my sister she is positive cause she is finished her master is degree my mom sometime my best friend is very positive cause she just started her new business two years ago and she is very enthusiastic about it so that is an inspiration  .
participant was asked that is so good to hear okay she think she have asked everything she need to thanks for sharing your thoughts with me, then participant said she are welcome .
