participant was asked what are some things they really like about la, then participant said  they like they do not know there is nothing they mean they do not really like it here that much but they guess they like that there is she know still some nature it is not like new york like too city but they guess she know it is it is okay  .
participant was asked what is your dream job , then participant said my dream job would be they would like to help other people as long as it is something helping other people they would like to help other people with like ptsd and problems and stuff  .
participant was asked do they consider yourself an introvert , then participant said  sorry what is an introvert  .
participant was asked who is someone that is been a positive influence in your life , then participant said my grandma she is always giving me encouragement and she is a therapist a licensed therapist so she is always she know made it really really easy for me to have someone to talk to and they could always go to her so that helps yeah  .
participant was asked awesome how would your best friend describe they , then participant said  caring very caring always there to talk to they do not judge they never judge they is never cranky they is never they never ever get like angry at anybody else just like my family she know but yeah just very nice caring and stuff  .
participant was asked why, then participant said  they guess it is just like my mind will be racing a lot of she know sometimes it will be flashbacks of bad memories just she know thinking too much  .
participant was asked how do they cope with them , then participant said  they just try to stay positive they try to think like okay well she know one day things will get better they just they try to call somebody and talk to them if they have trouble like my grandma  .
participant was asked , then participant said yeah  .
participant was asked that is good what are they like when they do not sleep well , then participant said thanks when they do not sleep well well they start to like cry a lot and they start to get really irritable they get really depressed it makes me not feel well at all they get very it just is really really bad if they do not get sleep yeah  .
participant was asked how long ago were they diagnosed, then participant said they was diagnosed three years ago  .
participant was asked that is good when was the last time they felt really happy , then participant said  the last time they felt really happy they guess they do not know today cause they mean they is glad to be part of this  .
participant was asked aw what are they most proud of in your life , then participant said  most proud of well they is trying to think of what they is most proud of they think they is most proud of like the fact that they is able to she know not be like well they mean most people they know they like deny that they have a problem and they is proud that they can actually like she know be a person who can realize okay they have a problem and they need help but a lot of the people they know they do not take medication they are untreated and they just do not wanna get any help and they is glad to get help because they do not wanna feel that way and they wanna get help for the problem instead of doing that  .
