participant was asked really what are some things they really like about la, then participant said they love la they love the traffic on the four o five they love the beach they live near the beach they love there is so much to do here they just love and they love the weather they love it here .
participant was asked nice do they consider yourself an introvert, then participant said no .
participant was asked  what do they do to relax , then participant said  they garden a little bit they read a little bit they watch tv they is a basketball fan they go to the beach when the weather is nice go to the pool  .
participant was asked  , then participant said  .
participant was asked yeah she see what they mean , then participant said yeah  .
participant was asked what were your symptoms, then participant said oh just sad and just lack of energy and did not really was not really motivated did not really was not really my happy self  .
participant was asked what sort of changes have they noticed since they have been going to therapy , then participant said well not that many changes they still do not feel that great but they just it is good to talk to someone and tell them how she feel  .
participant was asked that sounds really hard , then participant said it is very hard  .
participant was asked she is sorry , then participant said thank she  .
participant was asked tell me about something they did recently that they really enjoyed , then participant said oh we went out to my son my son and daughter in law and my daughter and they went out to have hawaiian food got together it is always fun to get together we got together at my house on christmas they enjoyed just getting together with them  .
participant was asked that sounds like a great situation how would your best friend describe they , then participant said yep exactly like her we are outgoing we are outspoken we tell it like it is we we are high energy people we have a lot of anxiety we like to do a lot of the same things .
participant was asked okay when was the last time they felt really happy , then participant said oh they do not know about three or four weeks ago  .
