participant was asked okay so how are they doing today , then participant said they is okay  .
participant was asked  h how often do they go back to your hometown , then participant said  maybe once or twice last year they only got to back once .
participant was asked how does it compare to la, then participant said a year definitely safer and definitely a more well they just miss it cause they have a lot of family back there but la is okay they i mean everyone loves the climate here .
participant was asked that sounds interesting are they still working in that , then participant said  no they is currently working in actually they is not working right now at the moment .
participant was asked okay what are some things that make they really mad, then participant said  eh when people do not take into account other people is feelings  .
participant was asked do they still go to therapy now , then participant said they do  .
participant was asked yeah how easy is it for they to get a good night is sleep , then participant said  it is gotten better they is okay they is better now the first three months it was very difficult they could not sleep through the night and they woke maybe two or three times and would be awake for a couple hours but now they is sleeping through the night again  .
participant was asked that is so good to hear who is someone that is been a positive influence in your life , then participant said what is that  .
participant was asked tell me more about that , then participant said  well my parents cause they have always been very supporting and loving giving me feedback about my decisions or what they is choosing to do but allowing me to make my own decisions my own choices in life and then my sisters have just always been very she know just always checking with me they is the baby they is the youngest in the family so they always looking out for me and just checking in with me and then my boyfriend xxx with this incident that happened he is been very usually supportive with just letting me kind of have my talk and work things out and understanding when they is feeling and not wanting to go out in public and and being aware of that that it is not so easy for me just to do something like grocery shop or running errands without having a lot of anxiety  .
participant was asked what advice would they give yourself ten or twenty years ago , then participant said  what advice would they what .
