participant was asked why did they move to la, then participant said to start a new life for myself .
participant was asked how easy was it for they to get used to living in la, then participant said it was not very easy at all it was it was quite rough at first but she know they is still trying to get used to life here .
participant was asked what are some things they really like about la, then participant said they have met some good friends here she know they love the hollywood area and just she know the mountains are beautiful that is kinda things they love .
participant was asked like what, then participant said oh like what ooh just heavy metal that is all they listen to is metal .
participant was asked , then participant said that is the that is the hardest thing they have had to do as a parent is to step away from my kids if only temporarily they do not know how long they is gonna be here for they do not know what my future holds but the hardest thing is being so far away from them .
participant was asked , then participant said they do not know .
participant was asked yeah, then participant said  but with me they i they is very goofy and silly with my kids and they is strict when they have to be but they always love to she know play around with them as much as possible she know not they do not want them to grow up too fast and that that may have been .
participant was asked yeah is there anything they regret, then participant said they regret not breaking up with my ex wife sooner they regret they regret  .
participant was asked she see what advice would they give to yourself ten or twenty years ago, then participant said  it is okay to be selfish it is okay to she know think about yourself sometimes she know if she keep putting everyone ahead of she then she are not thinking about yourself she are not thinking about what makes she happy and even though pleasing people may make she happy she have to think about yourself sometimes too and about your needs because she know she play an important role in the lives of your close family members and in order to keep everything afloat she sometimes gotta xxx gotta worry about the one person that is she know juggling everything and holding everything up which is yourself so be a little selfish sometimes it is okay .
participant was asked  h how would your best friend describe you, then participant said crazy he thinks they is they is crazy for coming out here but they guess he would say that they is dedicated and that they is strong minded and that she know whatever they set my mind to they can do it she know no matter how hard it is they is not gonna wimp out so they mean they i really respect him for giving me his insight but they guess yeah they guess he would say that they is crazy but strong minded  .
