participant was asked she see what they mean, then participant said  .
participant was asked why did they move to la, then participant said why did they move to la because my family came here and started my dad got a job here and this became our home base and that is why .
participant was asked how easy was it for they to get used to living in la, then participant said easy very easy so .
participant was asked that is good, then participant said  h .
participant was asked okay what is something they feel guilty about, then participant said they do not really feel guilty about anything right now or that they can think of .
participant was asked there are always trade offs in life are not there, then participant said  yes there are yin and yang that is ancient philosophy and it really applies there is pluses an minuses and negatives and positives .
participant was asked , then participant said so .
participant was asked oh no, then participant said yeah and they need eight hours of sleep and they have only been getting ooh they would say like maybe six hours and then they usually wake up once at night too cause sometimes they will kind of around two or three in the morning they will either walk around or they will hear something so they is not getting a straight eight hours of sleep and it is definitely but there is not like they said there is things she can not control when she live in an apartment she know they mean the the lady is very quiet it is just that she has a habit of she know taking later showers washing clothes at night that is they can not say anything to her about that .
participant was asked yeah, then participant said that is the weight she know has gives she more energy too if she lose weight so that is a big thing as well but that is probably the thing just the weight thing yeah .
participant was asked what would they say are some of your best qualities, then participant said  they is very like they said they is very loyal when they tell people they is gonna do something they do it very reliable they i is warm they is very friendly they is great listener and they she know they have heard so many people tell me they just like being with me so like they said they is very they is pretty upbeat she know they is do not they do not let things get me down too much so .
