participant was asked really, then participant said  .
participant was asked  that is good why did they move to la, then participant said  to be an actor .
participant was asked  when was the last time they argued with someone and what was it about, then participant said oh probably with my wife about my methods of of job hunting and like that .
participant was asked  what are some ways that they are different as a parent than your parents, then participant said  well we are more similar they think than different they is well they is much more aware of what is happening in the world and and much more informed than my parents were but as in terms of child rearing they think they do not know we are all we have all been kind of hands off and my wife has been more hands on .
participant was asked , then participant said and she has very wealthy friends so that is they is not a a gifted money maker and so it is a it is a a struggle but we we we keep on keep up .
participant was asked like what, then participant said oh just well instead of working for somebody else being able to start a business and and be in business for yourself and and to she know not be dependent on just one source of income .
participant was asked okay tell me about an event or something that they wish they could erase from your memory, then participant said oh meeting one particular woman when they first got out here .
participant was asked have they been diagnosed with depression, then participant said  they is a classic depressive and yeah they guess they have they i guess they have they see they do see a therapist and though the therapist they is seeing now is not trying to prescribe drugs or medications and previous ones have .
participant was asked how long ago were they diagnosed, then participant said  probably six years ago .
participant was asked that is good okay she think she have asked everything she need to thanks for sharing your thoughts with me, then participant said okay she are welcome .
