participant was asked really what are some things they really like about la, then participant said well she can not beat the weather and they just think the familiarity of home just makes me feel comfortable here .
participant was asked what is something they feel guilty about, then participant said the same girl that they broke up with she was the she was a girlfriend of a a best friend of mine they were separated for for several years and we always had a chemistry always a friendship and it turned into something to something which she know turned into a relationship and it hurt him and currently we do not speak they wish my regret is they wish they i would have handled that better .
participant was asked okay, then participant said  .
participant was asked tell me about your relationship with your family, then participant said  it is it is funny see as they as they get older they is not as close but they still care for em and they still love them and they think they love me they my mother and my father are both alive do not interact a whole lot they is very close to my older sister .
participant was asked  what are they like when they do not sleep well, then participant said crabby they suppose like anybody else tired listless she know all the normal things they suppose happen when somebody does not sleep well .
participant was asked have they noticed any changes in your behavior or thoughts lately, then participant said  no not really no no they i would not say they have .
participant was asked what are some things they wish they could change about yourself, then participant said  they wish they could be taller they wish they could be more inclined to play basketball so they then become go to the nba and be a millionaire they know that is all unrealistic but just answering honestly .
participant was asked is there anything they regret, then participant said h anything they regret have not we asked asked this before they mean so many do not know where to start .
participant was asked okay what advice would they give to yourself ten or twenty years ago, then participant said  that is a good one wow wow they do not know they she know that is a good one they would have they would have to think about that they do not they would not wanna answer that that is a good one usually she are asked what she would what she know how she feel ten twenty years from now looking back they do not know what advice they would give myself .
participant was asked aw, then participant said they guess it is become quite a a hobby of mine and sometimes they find lost dogs and they is able to find their owner and sometimes they is not so when they will tell she what there is nothing to find the owner and they just found an owner last week for a small dog they found eh there is not greater feeling cause the man told me the man told me how his  .
participant was asked yeah okay she think she have asked everything she need to, then participant said  yeah .
